You ended up unsuccessful and failed in your aspirations. Sadly I have implemented an ending that doesn’t explain anything about American history. All this is just a sad ending where you were unlucky. That’s all. You should play again to find the better endings.
American history is often painted by the many who immigrated in America. With immigration constantly occurring and America diversifying regardless of the opposition, it allowed for multiple cultures to thrive in American soil as well as promote the qualities of freedom and happiness for all. Without immigration, the diversity and the industrialization of America would have taken much longer than the amount of time it took. The manpower and motivation of the immigrants seeking new life helped create new innovation and promote an industrial America. Though attacked and segregated early on, immigration and diversity in America was essential and crucial.
American history if often tainted by discrimination and violence. The nativism belief that opposed immigration remains constant to today, and many see immigration as a leading factor in America’s downsides. The stronger the immigration, the stronger the opposition. The “Know-nothings,” the rise of the new KKK, all contributed in threatening and attacking American immigrants.
For some, immigration and diversity was a brutal experience. Many saw hours of waiting to enter America or were forcibly placed on American soil. The trauma after experiencing hardship after hardship left many scarred and unable to continue to live peaceful lives. Inevitably, the goal in reaching a land in which all opportunities can be found was not met for these immigrants and slaves, but they did help shape American history with the reforms and movements.
This is my story of American history. As a first-generation immigrant I felt that the immigration aspect of America greatly defined American history as well as my own. My parents were able to emigrate and live successful lives here. Without the development of immigration and the promotion of hoping for a life of freedom in America, it enticed many and allowed for my own opportunity in America.
